DOCS-#3778: Improve documentation for Modin vs. Dask (#3779)
modin-project/modin: docs/getting_started/index.rst

All Modin engines except :doc:`OmniSci</developer/using_omnisci>` are available both on Windows and Linux as mentioned above.
Default engine on Windows is :doc:`Ray</developer/using_pandas_on_ray>`.
It is also possible to use Windows Subsystem For Linux (WSL_), but this is generally not recommended due to the limitations

> and poor performance of Ray on WSL, a roughly 2-3x cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and poor performance of Ray on WSL, a roughly 2-3x worse than native windows.
```
